This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains two chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is far from the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme.  The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme.  The Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.