This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.