This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material.  Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with European Classic style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with European Classic style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is far from the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with European Classic style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is far from the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is far from the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with European Classic style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.