This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material.  Furthermore, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  Also, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  The TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.