This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material.  Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it includes one TV Stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Shelf with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme.  Also, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme.  The TV Stand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  The stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.