This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it contains two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is far from the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.