This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes two Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.