This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.  Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.