This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it contains one Desk with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it includes one Sideboard with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is far from the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme.  The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.