This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.  The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.  The chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme.  The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Cartoon theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.