This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains three Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Desk with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Desk with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.