This room contains one King-size Bed with New Chinese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one Kids Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.  The King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Kids Bed with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.