This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes two chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Moreover, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the TV Stand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Granite Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Granite Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Granite Texture theme.  Also, it is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Granite Texture theme is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil. Also, in this room there is a painting called Starry Night by Vincent van Gogh, which is a mesmerizing work of art known for its swirling, dreamlike depiction of a tranquil village under a dazzling night sky filled with swirling stars.  Van Gogh's use of vivid colors and swirling, tumultuous forms creates a sense of both serenity and emotional intensity, making it one of the most beloved and iconic paintings in the world.