This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Also, it comprises two Desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes one Shelf with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it is far from the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.