This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Moreover, it includes two Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it comprises four Dining Chair with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Moreover, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Also, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is far from the Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is far from the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dining Chair with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.