This room contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is far from the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.