This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it comprises one Dining Chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.