This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.