This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material.  Also, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composition material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The TV Stand with Korean style , and Composition material, with Lines theme is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.