This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.