This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  Also, it contains one Kids Bed with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Desk with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Kids Bed with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.