This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material.  Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Moreover, it contains one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Also, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Also, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.