This room contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it contains one stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Composite Board material, with Linen Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  The King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  The TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.