This room contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Linen Texture theme, and Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.