This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it comprises two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.