This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is far from the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Desk with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.