This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it comprises two stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Shelf with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.