This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.