This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Sideboard with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme.  The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme.  The chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme.  The Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme.  The Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme.  The Sideboard with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil. Also, in this room there is a painting called Starry Night by Vincent van Gogh, which is a mesmerizing work of art known for its swirling, dreamlike depiction of a tranquil village under a dazzling night sky filled with swirling stars.  Van Gogh's use of vivid colors and swirling, tumultuous forms creates a sense of both serenity and emotional intensity, making it one of the most beloved and iconic paintings in the world.