This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it comprises two Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Metal material.  Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material.  Also, it includes one stool with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is far from the stool with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Metal material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  The Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.