This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.