This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it includes three Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it contains one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material.  The Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is far from the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is far from the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is far from the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme.  The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme.  The stool with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.