This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.