This room contains one Wardrobe with Ming Qing style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it includes two Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Additionally, it contains one chair with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Wardrobe with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the chair with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.