This room contains one Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.  Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material.  Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.