This room contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes three Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material.  Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.