This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.  The stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.