This room contains one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it comprises three Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  The Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.