This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme.  The chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Shelf with Minimalist style , with Striped Grid theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.