This room contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes two TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it comprises one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes two Shelf with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Lines theme is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The chair with Industrial style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.