This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.