This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it comprises two Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Rivet theme, and Stone material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Stone material, with Rivet theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Stone material, with Rivet theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Stone material, with Rivet theme.  The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Stone material, with Rivet theme.  The Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Stone material, with Rivet theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.