This room contains two Nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Floral theme, and Plywood material.  Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it comprises one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Floral theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Floral theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.