This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Moreover, it contains two Wardrobe with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it contains one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is far from the Wardrobe with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the stool with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is far from the stool with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is far from the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is far from the stool with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is far from the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is far from the stool with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the stool with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.