This room contains one Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it comprises one Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains three Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.