This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it comprises two Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.