This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.