This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Additionally, it contains one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes one Shelf with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material.  Furthermore, it includes one Shelf with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil. Also, in this room there is a painting called Starry Night by Vincent van Gogh, which is a mesmerizing work of art known for its swirling, dreamlike depiction of a tranquil village under a dazzling night sky filled with swirling stars.  Van Gogh's use of vivid colors and swirling, tumultuous forms creates a sense of both serenity and emotional intensity, making it one of the most beloved and iconic paintings in the world.