This room contains two Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it contains one Desk with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.