This room contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material.  Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material.  Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material.  Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one stool with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Lines theme is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Ming Qing style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the stool with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.