This room contains two Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it comprises two TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.