This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it comprises two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.