This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.  Also, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.