This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises three Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is far from the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.