This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material.  Moreover, it comprises one Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes four Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Also, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the stool with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil. Also, in this room there is a painting called Starry Night by Vincent van Gogh, which is a mesmerizing work of art known for its swirling, dreamlike depiction of a tranquil village under a dazzling night sky filled with swirling stars.  Van Gogh's use of vivid colors and swirling, tumultuous forms creates a sense of both serenity and emotional intensity, making it one of the most beloved and iconic paintings in the world.