This room contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.  Moreover, it includes one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.