This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.