This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it includes one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it contains two Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.