This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Also, it includes one stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.