This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Also, it includes three Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it includes one TV Stand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it comprises two Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Desk with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Also, it is far from the Desk with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Modern style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.