This room contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Moreover, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it includes one stool with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The TV Stand with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.