This room contains one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Moreover, it contains one Kids Bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.