This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it contains two Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.