This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises four Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.