This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material.  Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil. Also, in this room there is a painting called Starry Night by Vincent van Gogh, which is a mesmerizing work of art known for its swirling, dreamlike depiction of a tranquil village under a dazzling night sky filled with swirling stars.  Van Gogh's use of vivid colors and swirling, tumultuous forms creates a sense of both serenity and emotional intensity, making it one of the most beloved and iconic paintings in the world.