This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Also, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.