This room contains one Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.  Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material.  Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material.  Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.