This room contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.