This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Rivet theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Shelf with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Rivet theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme.  The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme.  The stool with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.