This room contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.