This room contains one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it comprises one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  The Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  The Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  The Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Graffiti Ink Stain theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.