This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises four Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Also, it includes three stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Also, it contains one Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.