This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Also, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains two Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Smooth Leather material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.