This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one stool with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.