This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Shelf with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  The King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.