This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.  Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Granite Texture theme, and Stone material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material.  Also, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Stone material, with Granite Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Stone material, with Granite Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Nordic style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Corner Table with Nordic style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Corner Table with Nordic style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.