This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme.  Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Neoclassical style , with Soft Case theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Japanese style , with Rivet theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.