This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.