This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Rivet theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it comprises one stool with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is far from the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Rivet theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is far from the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Rivet theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Rivet theme is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.