This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Also, it comprises one Desk with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.  Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Desk with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is far from the Shelf with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Shelf with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the Desk with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil. Also, in this room there is a painting called Starry Night by Vincent van Gogh, which is a mesmerizing work of art known for its swirling, dreamlike depiction of a tranquil village under a dazzling night sky filled with swirling stars.  Van Gogh's use of vivid colors and swirling, tumultuous forms creates a sense of both serenity and emotional intensity, making it one of the most beloved and iconic paintings in the world.