This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it contains one Desk with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Plywood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Light Luxury style , and Plywood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.