This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Desk with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Stone material.  Also, it includes one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Desk with Japanese style , and Stone material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Stone material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Japanese style , and Stone material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.