This room contains one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains three Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it contains one Desk with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Granite Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Desk with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.