This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it includes one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material.  Furthermore, it contains one stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.