This room contains two Nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.  The Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.