This room contains two Nightstand with Ming Qing style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.