This room contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Also, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Stone material.  Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Also, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Stone material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Industrial style , and Stone material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.