This room contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Also, it includes one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme.  The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme.  The Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , with Cartoon theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.