This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains three Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Suede material.  Moreover, it includes one armchair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.