This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one armchair with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil. Also, in this room there is a painting called Starry Night by Vincent van Gogh, which is a mesmerizing work of art known for its swirling, dreamlike depiction of a tranquil village under a dazzling night sky filled with swirling stars.  Van Gogh's use of vivid colors and swirling, tumultuous forms creates a sense of both serenity and emotional intensity, making it one of the most beloved and iconic paintings in the world.