This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.