This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it includes one chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes one stool with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme.  The chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.