This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it includes one chair with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains one stool with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The chair with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.