This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material.  Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme.  The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme.  The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.