This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is far from the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.