This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material.  Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Granite Texture theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one stool with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Granite Texture theme is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.