This room contains one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it comprises one Single bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it contains two stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Single bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.