This room contains two Nightstand with Mediterranean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material.  Also, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Mediterranean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Mediterranean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.