This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.  Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material.  Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it contains one TV Stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.