This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Lines theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.