This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes four Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.