This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it contains one Desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Also, it includes one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme.  The Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme.  The Dining Chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Modern style , with Lines theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.