This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.  Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.