This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Lines theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it contains one Single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  Also, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Lines theme is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.