This room contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material.  Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes two Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Granite Texture theme, and Marble material.  Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Granite Texture theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Granite Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.