This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.