This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Also, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it includes one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.