This room contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains two Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one Kids Bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  The Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.