This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it includes one Desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.