This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one chair with Minimalist style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it includes one armchair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.