This room contains two Nightstand with Neoclassical style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it includes three Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Single bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one stool with Korean style , with Rivet theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.  The Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Neoclassical style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Rivet theme.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Rivet theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Single bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Rivet theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Korean style , and Wood material, with Rivet theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.