This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.  Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material.  Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Bookcase Armoire with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.