This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.