This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one Nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes two Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it contains two Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Also, it contains one chair with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is far from the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is far from the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is far from the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.