This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Plywood material.  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Corner cabinet with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.