This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it includes one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it comprises one Sideboard with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Sideboard with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.