This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material.  Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material.  Additionally, it includes one stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is far from the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.