This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.  Moreover, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.