This room contains three Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes two Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  The Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.