This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.  Also, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Also, it contains one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it contains one Kids Bed with Japanese style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  The Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  The chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.