This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises two Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Also, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Dining Chair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.