This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  The Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.