This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it contains one Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Metal material.  Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme.  Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme is far from the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.  The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is far from the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.  The Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.