This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains two Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Neoclassical style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.