This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one chair with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is far from the TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is far from the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the chair with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The chair with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.