This room contains two Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it includes one chair with New Chinese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  Additionally, it includes one Sideboard with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is far from the stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  The chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The stool with Mediterranean style , with Graffiti Ink Stain theme is far from the Sideboard with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.