This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Plywood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.