This room contains one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises two Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Dressing Chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.