This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises three Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.