This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Leather material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Lines theme.  The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Lines theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Lines theme.  The Corner cabinet with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Lines theme.  The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Lines theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.