This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Plywood material.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it comprises two Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it comprises three Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme.  Moreover, it is far from the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Plywood material, with Cartoon theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is far from the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.