This room contains one Nightstand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises two Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it contains one stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.