This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Mediterranean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one stool with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is far from the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The TV Stand with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Corner cabinet with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.