This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material.  Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Also, it includes one Desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.