This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it includes one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it comprises one chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Also, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is far from the chair with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The chair with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.