This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it comprises one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it contains one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material.  Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme.  Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme.  The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil. Also, in this room there is a painting called Starry Night by Vincent van Gogh, which is a mesmerizing work of art known for its swirling, dreamlike depiction of a tranquil village under a dazzling night sky filled with swirling stars.  Van Gogh's use of vivid colors and swirling, tumultuous forms creates a sense of both serenity and emotional intensity, making it one of the most beloved and iconic paintings in the world.