This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  Furthermore, it contains two Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.  Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material.  Additionally, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is far from the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Corner Table with Modern style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.