This room contains one Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.  Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Floral theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with Korean style , with Lines theme, and Metal material.  Also, it contains one Sideboard with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Also, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Metal material, with Lines theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Metal material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Metal material, with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Metal material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dining Chair with Korean style , and Metal material, with Lines theme is close to the Sideboard with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.