This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Also, it includes one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Industrial style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.