This room contains one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Dressing Table with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.