This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Minimalist style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.