This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it contains one Dining Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Minimalist style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.