This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it contains one Desk with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Moreover, it comprises one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.