This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Floral theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.  Also, it includes one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Floral theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.