This room contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Moreover, it includes one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Additionally, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it includes two Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one armchair with Southeast Asia style , with Linen Texture theme, and Suede material.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is far from the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme.  The chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Bookcase Armoire with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the armchair with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.