This room contains two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material.  Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Floral theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Floral theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.