This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it includes three Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material.  Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it contains one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.  Also, it comprises one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.