This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it comprises two armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.