This room contains two Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it includes two Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material.  Additionally, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it includes one Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme.  Moreover, it comprises one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is far from the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Dining Chair with Neoclassical style , with Floral theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil. Also, in this room there is a painting called Starry Night by Vincent van Gogh, which is a mesmerizing work of art known for its swirling, dreamlike depiction of a tranquil village under a dazzling night sky filled with swirling stars.  Van Gogh's use of vivid colors and swirling, tumultuous forms creates a sense of both serenity and emotional intensity, making it one of the most beloved and iconic paintings in the world.