This room contains one Nightstand with American Country style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it comprises one chair with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Also, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with American Country style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Corner cabinet with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  The chair with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.