This room contains one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Gold Foil theme, and Suede material.  Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.  Also, it contains two Corner Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one chair with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Suede material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.