This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains two Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is far from the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is far from the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Also, it is far from the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.