This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Also, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it contains one Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , with Cartoon theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is far from the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme.  The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Cartoon theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.