This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Also, it comprises one Desk with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Nordic style , with Cartoon theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  The Desk with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  The Desk with Nordic style , and Composition material, with Cartoon theme is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.