This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Also, it comprises three Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Metal material.  Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it comprises one Dining Chair with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Industrial style , and Metal material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Dining Chair with Korean style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.