This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Dining Chair with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Dressing Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Modern style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.