This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is far from the armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.