This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it contains one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises two Sideboard with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  The Corner cabinet with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.