This room contains two Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it contains one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one chair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Sideboard with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The chair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Sideboard with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the armchair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil. Also, in this room there is a painting called Starry Night by Vincent van Gogh, which is a mesmerizing work of art known for its swirling, dreamlike depiction of a tranquil village under a dazzling night sky filled with swirling stars.  Van Gogh's use of vivid colors and swirling, tumultuous forms creates a sense of both serenity and emotional intensity, making it one of the most beloved and iconic paintings in the world.