This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Striped Grid theme, and Cloth material.  Additionally, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it contains one Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.