This room contains two Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains three Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Shelf with Modern style , with Cartoon theme, and Composite Board material.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is far from the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Cartoon theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.