This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Moreover, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one chair with Mediterranean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Single bed with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Mediterranean style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Mediterranean style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Mediterranean style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Mediterranean style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The chair with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Single bed with Mediterranean style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.