This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.  Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Stone material.  Also, it includes two armchair with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is far from the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme.  The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Stone material, with Lines theme is close to the armchair with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.