This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Plywood material.  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European Classic style .  Also, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it contains one Corner Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Also, it includes one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Plywood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European Classic style .  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European Classic style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Corner Table with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.