This room contains three Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it contains one Desk with Mediterranean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Desk with Mediterranean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The chair with Neoclassical style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.