This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes two Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme.  Furthermore, it includes one stool with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme.  The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Industrial style , with Soft Case theme is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.