This room contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it contains two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises two Corner Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil. Also, in this room there is a painting called Starry Night by Vincent van Gogh, which is a mesmerizing work of art known for its swirling, dreamlike depiction of a tranquil village under a dazzling night sky filled with swirling stars.  Van Gogh's use of vivid colors and swirling, tumultuous forms creates a sense of both serenity and emotional intensity, making it one of the most beloved and iconic paintings in the world.