This room contains two Nightstand with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it comprises one TV Stand, with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with American Country style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand, and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand, and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The TV Stand, and Composition material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Dressing Table with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.