This room contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with New Chinese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it includes two Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Chinoiserie style  is close to the TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.