This room contains two Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises three Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises two stool with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Dressing Table with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the stool with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.