This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Linen Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it includes one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it contains one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.  Also, it comprises one Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  Also, it contains one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains one Shelf with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Linen Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is far from the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is far from the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dining Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The stool with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Shelf with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.