This room contains two Nightstand with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Cartoon theme, and Solid Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Cartoon theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Cartoon theme.  Additionally, it is far from the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Solid Wood material, with Cartoon theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.