This room contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.