This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Also, it contains two Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it contains one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one armchair with Industrial style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  The armchair with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Light Luxury style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.