This room contains one Nightstand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Desk with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Dining Chair with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises three Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Kids Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Leather material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dining Chair with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Kids Bed with Japanese style , and Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.