This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Metal material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Wardrobe with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it includes one King-size Bed with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  The King-size Bed with Japanese style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.