This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Soft Case theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Corner cabinet with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.  The Wardrobe with Light Luxury style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Rough Cloth material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Corner cabinet with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.