This room contains one Nightstand with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material.  Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Solid Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Sideboard with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Korean style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it is far from the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Sideboard with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.