This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Moreover, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it comprises one chair with New Chinese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.  The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wrought Iron theme is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  The chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.