This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it includes one Dressing Chair with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Dressing Chair with American Country style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.