This room contains one Nightstand with Industrial style , with Texture Mark theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Leather material.  Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it contains one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Industrial style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one chair with Neoclassical style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Additionally, it includes one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Industrial style , and Composition material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme.  The King-size Bed with Vintage style , and Leather material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Moreover, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Corner cabinet with Industrial style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme.  The chair with Neoclassical style , and Smooth Leather material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Shelf with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.