This room contains two Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Soft Case theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.