This room contains one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Floral theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it contains four Corner Table with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it includes one armchair with Light Luxury style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , with Lines theme is far from the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Floral theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  The Corner Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the armchair with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.