This room contains two Nightstand with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Solid Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one stool with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Also, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with European style .  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with European style  is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.