This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it includes one Corner Table with Japanese style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Solid Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it comprises one Sideboard with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Corner Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Corner Table with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  The chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Sideboard with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.