This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Also, it comprises one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Dressing Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with American Country style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme is far from the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the armchair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.