This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composition material.  Also, it contains two Wardrobe with Nordic style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Dining Chair with New Chinese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The Wardrobe with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The King-size Bed with Light Luxury style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dining Chair with New Chinese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.