This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Metal material.  Also, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Solid Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one stool with Light Luxury style , with Lines theme, and Suede material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Lines theme.  The Wardrobe with Mediterranean style , and Composition material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Lines theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Metal material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Lines theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Lines theme.  The Corner Table with Modern style , and Solid Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the stool with Light Luxury style , and Suede material, with Lines theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.