This room contains one King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , with Lines theme, and Suede material.  Also, it includes two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with European style .  Also, it contains one TV Stand with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Also, it comprises one Desk with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it comprises one chair with Neoclassical style , with Striped Grid theme, and Metal material.  Furthermore, it includes one Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Southeast Asia style , and Suede material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with European style .  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Pendant Lamp with European style  is close to the TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Neoclassical style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with Neoclassical style , and Metal material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Bookcase Armoire with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.