This room contains two Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Moreover, it includes one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it comprises one Desk with Minimalist style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one Single bed with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Plywood material.  The Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Southeast Asia style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.