This room contains two Nightstand with Vintage style , with Gold Foil theme, and Wood material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Korean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it comprises one TV Stand with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Furthermore, it contains one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Metal material.  Also, it contains two chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Korean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Korean style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Metal material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.