This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it contains one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one chair with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Additionally, it is far from the chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the chair with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.