This room contains two Nightstand with Japanese style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Additionally, it comprises one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Corner Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Marble material.  Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it contains one chair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one stool with Industrial style , with Linen Texture theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Japanese style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Striped Grid theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is far from the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is far from the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Smooth Leather material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Minimalist style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Industrial style , and Marble material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Industrial style , and Rough Cloth material, with Linen Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.