This room contains one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it contains one Dressing Table with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes two Corner cabinet with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Mediterranean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Industrial style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.