This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Wardrobe with Vintage style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it contains one King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , with Striped Grid theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Also, it includes one Corner Table with Modern style , with Texture Mark theme, and Marble material.  Additionally, it comprises one armchair with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Also, it is far from the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is far from the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Ming Qing style , and Rough Cloth material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Chinoiserie style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Modern style , and Marble material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the armchair with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.