This room contains one Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it contains one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it includes two Corner Table with Ming Qing style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one chair with Vintage style , with Smooth Net theme, and Smooth Leather material.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Moreover, it is close to the chair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Ming Qing style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Vintage style , and Smooth Leather material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.