This room contains one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it contains one Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it comprises one Corner cabinet with Modern style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one Desk with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Also, it is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner cabinet with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dining Chair with Industrial style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.