This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it contains three Wardrobe with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it comprises one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Additionally, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it comprises two Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it comprises one TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it contains one Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Additionally, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The TV Stand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Corner cabinet with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.