This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it includes two Wardrobe with Modern style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes three Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Also, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Corner Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Furthermore, it contains one chair with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Kids style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Kids style  is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Corner Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Corner Table with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The chair with Korean style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.