This room contains two Nightstand with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Composite Board material.  Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Minimalist style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Composite Board material.  Additionally, it contains one King-size Bed with Modern style , with Striped Grid theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes three Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Nightstand with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Gold Foil theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  The Wardrobe with Minimalist style , and Composite Board material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Moreover, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Modern style , and Wood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.