This room contains one Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Chinese Pattern theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one Wardrobe with Korean style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with American Country style , with Lines theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one TV Stand with Vintage style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it comprises one Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , with Gold Foil theme, and Marble material.  Also, it contains one Shelf with Minimalist style , with Wrought Iron theme, and Wood material.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Chinese Pattern theme is close to the Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  The Wardrobe with Korean style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  The King-size Bed with American Country style , and Rough Cloth material, with Lines theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.  The TV Stand with Vintage style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme.  The Dressing Table with Light Luxury style , and Marble material, with Gold Foil theme is close to the Shelf with Minimalist style , and Wood material, with Wrought Iron theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.