This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it comprises one Wardrobe with American Country style , with Wooden Vertical Texture theme, and Wood material.  Also, it includes one King-size Bed with Industrial style , with Striped Grid theme, and Plywood material.  Furthermore, it contains one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Inlay Gold Carve theme, and Wood material.  Additionally, it includes one Dressing Chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  The Wardrobe with American Country style , and Wood material, with Wooden Vertical Texture theme is close to the King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme.  Also, it is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Also, it is far from the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Also, it is far from the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Industrial style , and Plywood material, with Striped Grid theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Inlay Gold Carve theme is close to the Dressing Chair with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.