This room contains two Nightstand with Nordic style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it contains one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Solid Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one King-size Bed with Nordic style , with Texture Mark theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Moreover, it includes one Desk with Light Luxury style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it comprises one chair with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  The Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Nordic style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Solid Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Nordic style , and Rough Cloth material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Southeast Asia style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Desk with Light Luxury style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the chair with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell. Also, in this room there is a painting called the Scream by Edvard Munch, which is an iconic expressionist masterpiece that vividly conveys a sense of existential angst and emotional turmoil.  The distorted figure against the swirling, tumultuous sky evokes a profound sense of isolation and inner torment, making it one of the most recognizable and haunting images in art history.