This room contains two Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it comprises one Nightstand with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Also, it comprises one Wardrobe with Japanese style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composition material.  Additionally, it includes one King-size Bed with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme, and Rough Cloth material.  Moreover, it includes one Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it contains one TV Stand with Modern style , with Soft Case theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it includes one Dressing Table with Modern style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  Moreover, it comprises one Shelf with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Composite Board material.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Modern style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is far from the Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Modern style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is far from the Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme.  Also, it is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Soft Case theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Wardrobe with Japanese style , and Composition material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is far from the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The King-size Bed with Minimalist style , and Rough Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Pendant Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Shelf with Korean style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The Pendant Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Soft Case theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Soft Case theme is close to the Dressing Table with Modern style , and Composite Board material, with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.