This room contains two Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it includes one Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Moreover, it includes one TV Stand with Light Luxury style , with Texture Mark theme, and Wood material.  Furthermore, it includes one Dressing Table with Korean style , with Smooth Net theme, and Wood material.  Also, it comprises one Single bed with Southeast Asia style , with Smooth Net theme, and Cloth material.  Also, it includes one stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme is close to the Nightstand with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the Ceiling Lamp with Modern style .  Furthermore, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Moreover, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Ceiling Lamp with Modern style  is close to the TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme.  Also, it is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The TV Stand with Light Luxury style , and Wood material, with Texture Mark theme is close to the Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Additionally, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Dressing Table with Korean style , and Wood material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme.  Furthermore, it is close to the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme.  The Single bed with Southeast Asia style , and Cloth material, with Smooth Net theme is close to the stool with Minimalist style , with Smooth Net theme. Also, in this room there is a painting called The Birth of Venus by Sandro Botticelli, which is an iconic Renaissance artwork that captures the graceful birth of the goddess Venus from the sea, standing on a giant seashell.  With its ethereal beauty, delicate colors, and mythological theme, the painting remains a symbol of classical art and timeless beauty.